[MTM-62844] Move localization docs to administration (#3017)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/standard-tenant/changing-settings-bundle/localization.md

### To add new identifier for translations {#to-add-new-keys-for-translations}

1. Click **Add translation** on the top menu bar.
2. In the resulting dialog box, add a name for the new translation key.
3. Optionally, add translations in the respective fields.
4. Click **Add** to close the the translation editor.
5. Click **Save & apply** in the top menu bar to save the new translation identifier and apply it to the UI.

![localization-add-term](/images/users-guide/Administration/admin-localization-add-term.png)

### To add and edit translations {#to-add-and-edit-translations}

You can add or edit translations for every identifier in two ways:

1. Hover over the respective column to display the edit icon <i class="dlt-c8y-icon-edit1 text-primary icon-20"></i>.
2. Click the edit icon next to the field you want to edit.
3. Add or edit the translation.
4. Click the green checkmark to save the translation.
5. Click **Save & apply** to apply the changes.

Or:

1. Click the edit icon <i class="dlt-c8y-icon-edit1 text-primary icon-20"></i> in any row to open the translation editor for the respective identifier.
2. Add or edit the translations.

> 3. Click **Add** to close the the translation editor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Click **Add** to close the translation editor.
```

---
title: Localization
layout: redirect
sector:
  - platform_administration
weight: 50
helpcontent:
- label: localization
  title: Localization
  content: "

>   Use the **Localization** feature to add translations for the existing static text in the application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Use the **Localization** feature to add translations for the existing static text in the platform UI.
```

>    To add a new translation, click **Add translation** on the top menu bar. In the resulting dialog box, add the name of the key, followed by the translation in the respective field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   To add a new translation, click **Add translation** on the top menu bar. In the resulting dialog box, add the name of the key, followed by the translations in the respective fields.
```

---

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using the **Localization** functionality you can add custom translations for existing static text in the UI.
```

{{< c8y-admon-req >}}

- To view the **Localization** page: READ permission for permission type "Application management"

- To add/update/delete localization identifiers: ADMIN permission for permission type "Application management"

- Your user must have a role with READ permission for the permission type "Application management". See [Managing permissions](/standard-tenant/managing-permissions/) for more information.

  {{< /c8y-admon-req >}}

> ### Localization {#localization}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Click **Localization** in the **Settings** to open localization settings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Click **Localization** in the **Settings** menu in the navigator to open the translation editor.
```

> Use the **Localization** feature if you want to add custom translations for the existing static text in the application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

![Main view localization page](/images/users-guide/Administration/admin-localization-main-page.png)

> To add a new translation in the application, you can add the text as key and add the translations as required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Click **Apply** to apply the changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

### To add new identifier for translations {#to-add-new-keys-for-translations}

> Add a new identifier and their respective translations using the **Add translation** option on the top right.

Reviewer: 1. Click **Add translation** on the top menu bar. 
2. In the resulting dialog box, add a name for the new translation key.
3. Optionally, add translations in the respective fields. 
4. Click **Add** to close the the translation editor.
5. Click **Save and apply in the top menu bar to save and the new translation identifier and apply it in the UI.

> Add a new identifier and their respective translations using the **Add translation** option on the top right.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Click Add translation on the top menu bar.
2. In the resulting dialog box, add a name for the new translation key.
3. Optionally, add translations in the respective fields.
4. Click Add to close the the translation editor.
5. Click **Save and apply in the top menu bar to save and the new translation identifier and apply it in the UI.
```

> Fill all the mandatory fields in the **Add translations** dialog and click **Save**. The new key is saved including the added translations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Next, click **Apply** to apply the changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

![localization-add-term](/images/users-guide/Administration/admin-localization-add-term.png)

### To add and edit translations {#to-add-and-edit-translations}

You can add or edit translations for every identifier in two ways:

> 1. Hover over the respective column for the edit icon <i class="dlt-c8y-icon-edit1 text-primary icon-20"></i> to be visible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Hover over the respective column to display the edit icon <i class="dlt-c8y-icon-edit1 text-primary icon-20"></i>.
```

2. Click the icon to select the desired language.
3. Add or edit the translation.
4. Click **Save**.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Click **Save & apply** to apply the changes.
```

or:

> 1. Click the edit icon <i class="dlt-c8y-icon-edit1 text-primary icon-20"></i> in each row to open the **Edit translations** dialog window.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Click the edit icon <i class="dlt-c8y-icon-edit1 text-primary icon-20"></i> in any row to open the translation editor.
```

2. Add or edit the translation for any language.
3. Click **Save**.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Click **Save & apply** to apply the changes.
```

> Click **Apply** to apply the changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Click **Save & apply** to apply the changes.
```

> Once all your translations are done, you can change the language under **UI settings** to see the translations in action. For more information see [To change user settings](/get-familiar-with-the-ui/user-settings/#to-change-user-settings).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To view the added or modified translations in the UI, change the language from the user menu, see [To change user settings](/get-familiar-with-the-ui/user-settings/#to-change-user-settings).
```

---
title: Localization
layout: redirect
sector:
  - platform_administration
weight: 50
helpcontent:
- label: localization
  title: Localization
  content: "
  Use the **Localization** feature to add translations for asset properties or asset models, as well as to add custom translations for the existing static text in the application.

>    Once you created all asset properties and asset models, their names are added under **Identifier** in the **Localization** page. You can add further translations as required.  

Reviewer 2: @luja-c8y can you remove all asset references here? This UI is not specific to assets..

Author: Done

---
title: Localization
layout: redirect
sector:
  - platform_administration
weight: 50
helpcontent:
- label: localization
  title: Localization
  content: "

>   Use the **Localization** feature to add translations for asset properties or asset models, as well as to add custom translations for the existing static text in the DTM application.

Reviewer 2: I would suggest removing the `DTM application` here..

Author: done

   Once you created all asset properties and asset models, their names are added under **Identifier** in the **Localization** page. You can add further translations as required.  

   To add a new translation, click **Add translation** on the top menu bar. In the resulting dialog box, add the name of the key, followed by the translation in the respective field.

>    Note that to use this feature, your tenant must have the Public-options application installed."

Reviewer 2: There is no need for a `Public-options application`.

Author: done
